Thus far in this module we always use chase Fedele to develop there.
Or maybe you used your local set up and created each team L5 a script file import the script into H
G M L and also at CDN import there.
Now whatever way you chose that might be fine for simpler apps it might also be a fine for multi-page
applications where you want to create individual viewed as solutions for your different pages and note
you're of course not limited to the Cdn and this approach.
You can click on installation on the official view chase page and simply download view Cheras here.
The production version for example and put dead imports dead into your local set up.
But if you plan on creating a bigger application specifically a single page application this approach
of having multiple pages with individual employees of you Chason your little tailored solutions per
page of course doesn't work to begin with because on a single page application you only have one page
and then you probably will read much more code.
Since you host your full front Front-End in javascript or you run your complete front end in javascript
so you will quickly bloat that single script file with lots and lots of code.
Now granted you could import many script files but then you would still have to take care about the
order of these files.
The order in which you import them manually so that also isn't great.
That's why we will now dive into a better workflow.
A better development environment for beggar view Cheras applications specifically single page applications.
We're going to use views Sea-Lion you can simply google for that and should find it on.
Get up here.
No the view Seelye does sound bigger than it is but it is a very nice tool for quickly setting you up
with templated workflows.
So with out of the box functioning workflows of course you could if you know how to do that.
Also set up your own workflow and build it from scratch.
But if you quickly want to get started with some pre-built solutions the view Selye is a great tool.
Now on the Get up page of the Seelye you will find instructions on how to install DC.
Real simple we're going to do this in the next lecture and then how you may create new projects with
it based on some templates of which you can find a list on this get her page.
So here's a list of official templates you may use and we're going to use the web pick simple template
in the next lecture to have a simple starting project using well-packed as our built tool.
Now here's an important note.
Well-packed workflows what's happening here.
If you're asking yourself this question let's just continue and does Marchal in the Marchal there after
though I'll have a brief look at what Web page is what it does and why we do need it.
So if that's totally new to you that upcoming module might at least be a good starting point to well
tell you what's happening here.
But with that let's jump into the next lecture.
Let's install the Seelye and set up an example workflow with it.